# UIService

---

A [KBase](https://kbase.us) module generated by the [KBase SDK](https://github.com/kbase/kb_sdk).

## Using ui-service

[ to be done ]

## Getting started with testing and development

See [Developer Docs](docs/development.md)

## Tests

### Get a mongo container running

Click the X button to return to the front of the card.

Now click the "Create" button.

This will download the image, and set up a container.

#### Set up the container

The

## Local development with kbase-ui

To make the image locally:

```
make docker-image-dev
```

Then to run it:

```
make run-docker-image-dev
```

This will start the container attached to the Docker custom network used by kbase-ui.

Then in kbase-ui, start it with the dynamic-services option, like

```
kbase-ui start-dev env=dev build=dev build-image=f dynamic-services="ui-service"
```

## Pure local image build

kb_sdk's ModuleTester.java contains the code to build the docker image. All it does, as far as building goes, is construct a simple docker build bash command string. (It also manages images, etc.)

docker build --rm -t TARGET_IMAGE_NAME REPO_PATH

where TARGET_IMAGE_NAME is test/MODULE:latest

for local dev and testing, you can name this what you like. "latest" is not the best tag, probably, because it usually indicates the tip of master or the most recent release.

so, e.g.

```
docker build --rm -t test/ui-service:dev
```

If you are starting from a cold docker cache the initial build may take several minutes: the kbase base image is rather huge.

## Actually...

## Work in Progress Instructions

In the current incarnation, when the service starts it creates the sqlite database schema, and populates initial data therein. This includes the admin user, ui_service_admin. A token for this user may be used to add alerts.

See the scripts `test/manual`. Running the script 'send.sh' with an argument set to the base name for an accompanying json file will send the associated json-rpc payload.

E.g.

```bash
KB_TOKEN=XXXMYTOKENXXX bash send.sh add-alert
```

## Development

### install mongo image

I use Kitematic to get the latest in the 3 series (currently 3.7.9) - the 2 series which kbase uses is not supported in the official distribution.

Change these settings:

-   enable kbase-dev network
-   map directories to SPRINT/mongo/db and SPRINT/mongo/configdb

### Add ui_service user and database

mongo localhost:PORT

where port is the port reported in Kitematic (it changes with every container startup)
